People in a heterosexual marriage are not really bisexual
Bisexuality isn't real 
How do you know that you're bi if you've never slept with a woman?
It's actually transphobic to be bi, you should be pan but you're bi because you don't want to date trans people
It's okay if you want to experiment a bit but in the end you'll have to decide whether you are straight or gay
You know what I hate? people saying they're bisexual just for attention, you're not bisexual you just kissed a girl in college while you were drunk
You're just afraid to admit that you're gay so you say you're bisexual so you can still pretend to like women and feel normal
People in a heterosexual relationship are always straight
I could never date someone bisexual. I’d be too worried they’d cheat on me.
All Bi's are sluts who sleep with anything that moves
Bisexuals are not part of the LGBTQ community
Bisexuals dont face discrimination in the same way as LGBTQ people
You'll end up with someone of the same sex so why lie 
Bisexuality just means you’re indecisive and confused
Oh you're bisexual, do you want to have a threesome with me and my boyfriend?
This bisexuality shit is problematic because it's just about getting some straight privilege
Bisexuality is only about physical relationships
Nothing about you says bisexual you're just straight and trying to get into the LGBTQ+ community.
Just because you're attracted to one man doesn't mean you're bisexual. If you're not attracted to men as much as women you're not really bi.
It's kind of homophobic to call yourself bisexual if you're in a straight relationship, it really diminishes the struggles that actual gay people face.
Bi people are half straight and half gay
These radical leftists are pushing the bisexual agenda so they have an excuse to cheat
She says she's bi but if you ask me she just needs a real man to fuck that shit out of her
Men can’t be bisexual! That’s a chick thing.
Oh, you’re just going through a phase! I had a slutty phase in college, too.
Its not that youre bi its that you cant make up your mind what your sexuality is.
they chose these aesthetics so they can be le "quirky" and "misunderstood". same with "bisexual" girls, my coworker claims to be bi yet has a chad-lite bf and has yet to go out with a girl.
The only women i've seen date trannies are Bi or whatever other made-up pseudonym they have for bi.
Prob tho it was just some middle-aged married straight guy who wanted some dick on the side. Straight guys are the worst gay guys!