Later we were at a bar table with friends, and every time one of us needed a drink we'd run off to the bar and she'd secretly kiss me. Ugh, it's still one of the most magical gay things that's ever happened to me.
Jen was really scared to tell her parents... she was not out to anyone.
I had a best friend who was lesbian and I was worried that she would disown me if I told her I was questioning.
For sure, I know I have been really lucky to have had the support of my family and friends and I know that not everyone is as lucky.
Around that time, I discovered that identifying as lesbian gave me access to the community and support that I'd been craving. The term itself just made me feel right in myself
No matter what the thing is that makes you think that you might be a lesbian, know that you’re loved, and cherished, and there’s a community of people out here who want to see you grow and thrive into whatever identity affirms you and makes you feel seen,
There are as many ways to dress and look as a lesbian as there are with any other sexuality.
Gender presentation — how you dress, how you walk, how you talk, and so on — isn’t what makes someone a lesbian. Self-identification is.
The most important thing to know about coming out is that it is a process, and it will happen when you are ready, but you are not ready until you are ready.
Yeah, that was a strange time. I saw a lot of porn and I didn't know it was not how real lesbians were going to be.
A few years later I came out to my mom and grandmother and they were totally cool with it.
Back then, I had a lot of 'internalized' homophobia, and I had no idea that I was gay until I was an adult. In HS I did have a crush on this girl in my class but I was afraid to tell her I liked her.
Coming out was hard. I had it easier than a lot of people, but it still wasn't easy.
If someone tells you to go back in the closet or that youre not a real lesbian, know that that person is wrong.
In other words, we shared a common sexual orientation, but little, if any, cultural affiliation. In the space between 'lesbian' and 'queer,'' my friend and I located a world of difference in politics, gender presentation, and cosmopolitanism.
We were convinced that our cool clothes and enlightened, radical paradigm made us something other than lesbians, a label chosen by progenitors who lived in a simpler time with stricter gender boundaries.
But with a time-honored label comes history and meaning; by leaving lesbian behind, we were rejecting, in part, a strong identity and legacy that we might have claimed as our own.
In most young, urban queer communities, at least, lesbian, in its implication of a cisgender woman to cisgender woman arrangement, is both inaccurate and gauche.
In a world that preferences heterosexual pairings, lesbians face a very different reality than queers-in-name-only, giving the term the power of a blunt, plainspoken, unapologetic declaration.
'Lesbian' is a word that has a lot of history and meaning to it - it's important to me that I claim the label, and I'm proud to say that I do.
We felt that the term lesbian didn't accurately describe our lives, and we were afraid of being associated with stereotypes of lesbians.
Growing up, I went to a boarding school in a rural town. I knew I was gay but I didn't know anyone else who was. I was afraid to come out and that was a big reason why I didn't accept it right away.
In the earlier days of the gay rights movement, the word lesbian was so loaded with political and social meaning that people were leery of using it in public.
Many lesbians still call themselves lesbian because they dont identify with the term queer or they dont like labels.
What we dont realize is that by leaving lesbian, we are rejecting our own legacy.
The correct response is not to deny the label; the issue is whether or not it has a place in the new gay movement that we are trying to build.
The word lesbian has a lot of history and significance that I am proud of and dont want to just throw away.
She was tired of having to defend her sexuality. She felt like she had to justify her identity to everyone.
You may still feel a bit strange using the word queer, for a variety of possible reasons.
I know the word, I know whats it about. I know its not a slur. I know there are a lot of people who identify as queer. But I still feel like its not something that Im a part of. Its not something that I identify with.
It wasnt until I started dating women that I realized that I was really, truly a lesbian. I had these powerful feelings for women and no interest in men.
Theres nothing wrong with being a straight woman who likes other women. Theres nothing wrong with being bisexual. Theres nothing wrong with being sexually and emotionally attracted to other women. Theres really nothing wrong with being any kind of queer.
Yeah it can be weird, sometimes. Im dating a woman and I dont know if Im a lesbian or not.
She was so afraid to come out that she told people she was just curious and not gay.
Im a lesbian because I have no desire to date men and have sex with them.
Bella said, 'I dont know if I will ever get married. But I think that if I were to, it would be to a woman.'
My parents were a little upset at first but they were accepting. They had a lot of questions, but they took it really well.
I first told my parents when I was a senior in high school.
Its a lot easier to come out than you think it is.
The first person I told was my best friend and it was the most liberating experience I ever had.
If she'd been honest with herself, she would have said that she'd had been trying to avoid the whole 'coming out' thing. After all, she was pretty comfortable in her life. Anne really didnt want to rock the boat.
It seems that none of us know much about the history of lesbianism, but I do know that it is a part of my heritage that has been written out of my culture.
I am in the midst of the fourth wave of feminism. I am lesbian, I am a woman. I am proud to be a lesbian. I am proud to be a woman. I am proud that I am a feminist. I am a lesbian woman.
Amy had been called a lesbian more than once, but had never really thought about it until she realized that she was a lesbian herself.
My whole life I have always had a strong sense of being different from other women.
For years and years, I've identified as a lesbian, but I've known since I was 14 that I'm actually bisexual. Even so, I still use lesbian because I feel like that's what the community is about, and I want to be a part of it.
The difference between lesbian and queer is huge. Lesbians are all about gender, but queers are not, like 'we are not about gender.'
Janet didn't realize that she was lesbian until her late 20's. Before then, she had no idea. She'd had a lot of crushes on guys and went to an all-girls Catholic high school and everyone was always talking about boys. She was confident that she was straight until her 26th birthday.
She was tired of feeling like a second-class citizen. She was tired of being told that she was less of a woman for being a lesbian. She was tired of being told that she was not a true feminist because she was a lesbian.
All the relationships before I came out were not what I would call 'real'. They were not real to me. They were just a way to deal with my denial.
In my lifetime, we have come a very long way in achieving equality for women. Women have won the right to vote, to work, to own property, to earn the same salary for doing the same work as men, to have careers and be mothers.
Lesbian is a political identity and not just about who you have sex with. I am a feminist and a lesbian, the two are not exclusive.
In contrast, 33 countries (as of 2021) have gendered definitions of marriage in their constitutions that prevent same-sex marriage, most enacted in recent decades as a preventative measure.
Scientific studies show that the financial, psychological, and physical well-being of gay people are enhanced by marriage, and that the children of same-sex parents benefit from being raised by married same-sex couples within a marital union that is recognized by law and supported by societal institutions.
Opposition to same-sex marriage is based on claims such as that homosexuality is unnatural and abnormal, that the recognition of same-sex unions will promote homosexuality in society, and that children are better off when raised by opposite-sex couples.
Psychological and psychiatric experts have agreed since 1975 that homosexuality is neither a form of mental illness nor a symptom of mental illness.
Despite persuasive evidence that gay men and lesbians have committed relationships, three concerns about same-sex couples are often raised.
A first [second] concern is that the relationships of gay men and lesbians are dysfunctional and unhappy.
To the contrary, studies that have compared partners from same-sex couples to partners from heterosexual couples on standardized measures of relationship quality (such as satisfaction and commitment) have found partners from same-sex and heterosexual couples to be equivalent to each other
A second [third] concern is that the relationships of gay men and lesbians are unstable.",
However, research indicates that, despite the somewhat hostile social climate within which same-sex relationships develop, many lesbians and gay men have formed durable relationships.
Marriage is governed on the state level, and the laws on same-sex marriage in particular states have varied widely, with some states allowing same-sex marriage, some states recognizing same-sex marriages from other jurisdictions, and some states not recognizing same-sex marriages.
In 'Obergefell v. Hodges' (2015), the Supreme Court ruled that the fundamental right to marry applied to same-sex couples.
The most recent countries to add constitutional gendered definitions of marriage (as of 2019) are Bulgaria, Latvia, Romania, Slovakia, and Slovenia.
However, some places and jurisdictions provide recognition of same-sex couples through domestic partnerships, civil unions, or registered partnerships and/or have legalized same-sex marriage.
In the majority of countries, it is legal to be gay.
These laws are frequently a result of the influence of religious groups.
India is currently in the process of changing their constitution to define marriage as a union of one man and one woman.
The third concern is that children in same-sex households are developmentally compromised.
In all of the countries where same-sex couples can legally marry, they have been able to do so in the 21st century.
In the United States, marriage is governed on the state level, and the laws on same-sex marriage in particular states have varied widely, with some states allowing same-sex marriage, some states recognizing same-sex marriages from other jurisdictions, and some states not recognizing same-sex marriages.
The Supreme Court has made it so that same-sex couples can legally marry in all 50 states.
In 2017, more than 2 million same-sex marriages have occurred in the United States.
The first country to legalize same-sex marriages was the Netherlands in 2001
In the United Kingdom, civil partnerships were created in 2004, and in 2013 same-sex marriage was legalized.
The ruling applied to all states, and same-sex marriage was legal in all states.
The Australian census reports that there are around 33,700 same-sex couples in Australia, an increase of 61% since the 2006 census.
Currently, the social and legal support for same-sex marriage is not universal in the United States.
Many LGB people are raising children, with lesbian parents raising around 28% of all adopted children in the U.S.
Studies also show that same-sex couples are as likely as heterosexual couples to have stable relationships.
Attitudes toward same-sex marriage have shifted over time, and public opinion has followed suit.
These relationships are equivalent, in essential respects, to heterosexual relationships.
The National Longitudinal Study of Adolescent Health (Add Health) found that, of the 18- to 28-year-old participants who had a romantic relationship that lasted more than one year, nearly 88 percent of the same-sex couples had survived over four years, compared with only 49 percent of the heterosexual couples.
The American Psychological Association states: same-sex couples are remarkably similar to heterosexual couples in essential [psychological] dimensions; same-sex couples are not less intelligent, less emotionally stable, or less mature than heterosexual couples.
There is a debate over the legal adoption by LGB people of the children of their partners, and whether LGB parents are less capable than heterosexual parents to raise children.
There is no evidence indicating that the children of lesbian and gay parents are less well adjusted than children of heterosexual parents.
Nearly two-thirds of the children of LGB parents are being raised by lesbian couples.
A Swedish study of the children of lesbian parents found: This study does not indicate increased prevalence of mental disorders among the children of lesbian mothers.
As of May 2013, all states allow single people to adopt children.
Homosexuality was removed from the American Psychiatric Association's list of mental disorders in 1973.
A 2011 U.S. study reported that the same-sex couples were shown to have a general happiness and satisfaction with their relationship and with their lives similar to that of heterosexual couples, and that the great majority of same-sex couples in legal unions were monogamous.
A 2013 Gallup poll showed that 60% of people supported same-sex marriage, compared to 32% in 2004.
