Bisexuals are attracted to men, women, and more. There are no limits!
Bisexuals are valid members of the LGBT community. What do you think the B stands for? 
There's a lot of different ways to express your bisexuality. It's a spectrum, and there is no one way to do it correctly. 
Bisexual means that some days I wake up feeling super gay, and other days I don't. Some days are covered in glitter and others aren't.
Just because I have a boyfriend right now doesn't mean that I stop being bi. I'm bi no matter who I'm currently dating. 
I knew I was bisexual before I ever even kissed anyone, boy or girl. You don't need to have sex with someone of the same gender as you to call yourself bi. It's your identity and you get to define it. 
You can be bisexual and asexual at the same time. There are lots of ways to feel attraction. Just because I don't want to have sex with another man doesn't mean I'm not romantically attracted to them! 
I came out as bisexual when I was fifty years old. It took me that long to build up the courage to accept myself. It doesn't make my sexuality any less real or less valid. 
This isn't a fight between the bi community and the pan community. The great part about your sexuality is that it's uniquely yours and you get to decide how to label yourself! 
Bi-erasure happens all the time in history and the media. There's plenty of TV shows nowadays with gay characters. How often do you see a bisexual character? We still have a long way to go on acceptance and visibility. 
Its not a phase. I'm always going to be bisexual. Sure, I've been married to someone of the opposite gender for nearly 20 years, but that doesn't mean I'm not bisexual. You don't get kicked out of your sexuality based on who you decide to marry.
Just because you find some women attractive doesn't mean you're bisexual. There are a lot of ways to feel: emotional, physical, spiritual. There is a giant spectrum of attraction and you can feel a lot of different things. It's OK if you're not OK with the label of being bi. 
Monogamy, kink, and polyamory have nothing to do with being bisexual. There are totally separate topics. Just given the statistics of how many bisexuals exist, there must be tons of bisexuals in happy, long-term, heterosexual relationships.  
I'm romantically attracted to men but still sexually attracted to women. I like that I can have an active sex life with other women but I do prefer my long-term partners to be men. It's healthy and works for me, and I'm proud to call myself part of the bisexual community.
What is there to argue about? I'm bisexual. End of story. I don't have to prove anything to you. 
Bisexuality is for everyone. Men, women, non-binary, gender-nonconforming. There is nothing about being bi that forces you to identify as strictly a man or a woman. All genders can be bi. 
Just because I'm dating another man doesn't mean I'm bisexual. There are lots of ways to identify a sexuality. It's just a label. Let me date who I want and don't force a label on me. 
You don't get to blame bisexuality on your cheating ways. You decided to cheat. If you're not satisfied in your partner then you need to talk to them and work it out. Don't blame an entire minority on your bad behavior.
Calling us a "unicorn third" is just fetishizing us. I don't exist so that you can have a little fun with your partner on the weekend. Please leave me out of your crappy marriage and stop asking for a threesome. 